Okay.
I'm about to rest, too.
It's time to get back to the company, Dad.
Take care of your health first.
Wait until it's completely finished before coming back.
Don't worry, there will be absolutely no problem with me here.
Then I'll be at home waiting for your good news.
Wait until the new landmark project is photographed.
I'll go celebrate for you.
Then we have a deal.
Your father-in-law works for you during this time, waiting for the project to end.
I'll give him credit.
Really.
You can mention anything you want.
You know that.
What do I really want most?
I think the one I want most is you.
It's you.
Lots of people here.
When the project is over, I will agree with you.
Really.
So if there's nothing, I'm leaving.
She's too easy to fool.
You're awake.
Go.
Don't watch, there will be many opportunities later.
Let's have breakfast first.
The completed project was a big surprise.